Adding CONTRIBUTING.md

This was uploaded via automation. (#51)
samvera/iiif_manifest: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Reporting Issues

* Make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free)

> * Submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/samvera/{{library}}/issues/) by:

Reviewer: The change here should be reverted.
```suggestion
* Submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/samvera/iiif_manifest/issues/) by:
```
